hello dear friends again with you zombies
rus unexpectedly for all ds recently
released a trailer called it
multiplayer battlefield 4 if we
believed that we were no surprise that
It gives us a new device
trailer showed us a pack of new maps and
those today I will do a little analysis
this trader and we will start with those thread
we were shown China aviation and
Russia in all its glory
trailer except t-50 and jade you were
Pieces are noticed rubles 1 attack aircraft to you all
this su-25 rook is familiar
even despite the fact that the Su-25
our army will be armed
until 2020 , I expected something from the fighters
another for example from morning 9 or
Su-34 front bomber
But China has presented us its
modern attack aircraft called q5
although many have suggested it
back j8 from battlefield 2
but no j8 is frontline
bomber and apparently they
will never return to the game series
battlefield
although the bombs appeared in the trailer there
wonderful moment when to buy
drop bombs on a group of opponents about
god I already feel the spirit of battlefield 2
now friends when it is high only
the pilots continue the theme of battlefield 2
Chinese army returned anti-aircraft
name type 95 spa
or the second name pg for 95 in fact
This is the Chinese version of Tunguska some
differences in balance between type 95
tunguska most likely will not be here
just wondering what is American
Zenko will appear in the game it will be m6 line
biker which is built on the basis of bradley
from battlefield 2 or lived in F sharp
battlefield 3 question remains open
if you have thoughts write in the comments
also showed us the good old t-90 and
here I have again indignation how well
was so and stayed personally I was expecting
see at least t-90ms tagil
well, the latest modification on
our good tank as it was before
said we showed not only
technique but also new maps unfortunately on
the moment we know the name
only 2 as the first card is called
This is the first operational locker.
presented map of claus course format
on this map we will have access to the mode
domination likely rush and conquest
by the way this is the winter card that
first lit up in the trailer I
battlelog and apparently it will be
very intense like the subway
We hope that it will not repeat the error
which they did on the metro operation
will make this card more interesting from
balance sheet
because Metro Conquest is perfect
terrible as the second card is called gold
oriflame is a map designed for
huge battles using all
ground and air of those if we try
compare with maps from previous installments
then I personally have analogies with
heavy metal is bad company 2 and
shield operations from battlefield 3 i think
that this card will be the largest on
moment of release battlefield 4 pcs not highway
there by
but more than heavy metal or
operation shield third card
unfortunately untitled parade opens
classic cards that has the usual
dimensions for example how to match and on these
cards goes insane with
using ground and aircraft
the main feature of this card is the central
the point which is giant
radio telescope observatory fast
The telescope base is a two-level
platforms on which you can fight
like on technique such using
the transition is not located antenna
which can be destroyed
change the whole level besides the very
telescope we will expect a small
area jungle and light buildings 4
cards that we were shown
It was already known for a long time that
the card that won the competition
design to action this card happens
the city of which you can flood
information title again
but I think that's all thanks that
watched subscribe comment
put the huskies see you on the battlefield bye